Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 1.1.0 (#2428)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1.1.0-implement-default-group-model-for-dtm-plugin.md

> ---

Reviewer: Remove this change log entry. This change is reverted as we still are awaiting PM confirmation to roll this out.

date: ""

> title: "Implement default group model for DTM plugin"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Implemented default group model for DTM plugin"
```

> title: "Implement default group model for DTM plugin"

Reviewer 3: Removed the changelog content for default group model

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1436"
version: "1.1.0"
---

> Implement a default group model that will be automatically available on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A default group model has been implemented which is automatically available in
```

> the asset model page, allowing users to create assets using this default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the **Asset model** page, allowing users to create assets using this default
```

Reviewer 3: Removed this entry as it is not delivered yet
